yeah things you would like to ask me in one of the good things about having
the computer avatar is you can ask me anything you want it it's
not going to send me it's not going to make me feel bad it's not gonna
hurt my feelings it's it's not going to make me angry so you can
ask me anything you want to ask but let me ask you something first
you've gotta opportunity here to talk about somebody who has long experience
in the military hello long experience in academic computer
research what would be the best use of your time what what might I
know and what might I have experienced that will help you this is your
opportunity use it well